# Blinky-Buzzy Toy
by Johann Campos

## Setup

To use this toy program on your msp430, go into the toy_project folder and
from there, enter the command "make". This will call upon the make install
method from the timerLib directory in the demos folder such that the necessary
header files can be used for this toy. From there, simply enter "make load"
and your msp430 will have the toy program loaded onto it.

## Instructions

Once the msp430 is ready, it will greet you with a "home screen" of sorts,
glowing its red LED and flickering its green (or vice versa, depending on
which msp430 board you have), simultaneously going back and
forth from E to E-flat. From this point, you have four options, each
corresponding to one of the four face buttons:
1. The leftmost button will have the msp430 count from zero to three
in binary using its aforementioned LEDs while also playing a C major chord
from low note to high. This will repeat indefinitely until another option is
chosen.
2. The next button requires that you press and hold the button. This will
begin a charging state, as indicated by the green LED increasing in brightness
and the sound that gets higher every half second. After two seconds, the red
LED will begin to blink at a steady pace, indicating that the charge is almost
complete. After three seconds, the charge will be complete: To signify this, the brightest
intensity of the green LED, the red LED will continue blinking, and the
highest note of the speaker will be held until you release the button. Should
you release the button at any point, both LEDs will turn off and a "boing"
sound will be outputted. The msp430 will then remain silent until you press
and/or hold the button again to repeat the process.
3. The third button will begin to play a song, "Calimari Inkantation" from a
game called "Splatoon," and an accompanying light show with the LEDs will
serve to tie the experience together. When the song is finished, you will be
returned to the home screen as mentioned above.
4. The last button of the rightmost side will start another lights and sound
sequence in which the lights move from left to right, and the sound gets
higher as it goes right and lower as it moves left. This will repeat
indefinitely until another state is chosen.

## Cleanup
Once you are done with the toy program, you can enter the command "make clean"
to remove all temporary files generated by the Makefile, in both the
toy_project and demos directories.
